Beidu Xiangjiaqiao Tie Avenue
Ah what
This is Beidu Jiangjia Daxia's first wealthy family
I heard this is the first place in Daxia
You deserve it.
Oh, Miss Jiang, you are here.
Thank you Mr. Jiang for coming all the way to my son's wedding
Who's your son?
Cross the calamity, come here, come here
Jiang I, Miss Jiang
Hello Miss Jiang, go away
Tell you to go away, didn't you hear?
Uh, get out of the way, get out of the way
You hurry up and take that hurry
Beidu Jiang's Qianjin Jiang Binyao
Close-up betrothal gift to propose to Mr. Li
Ask to tie the knot with Mr. Li
Shang Li Dan is
The 36 provinces under the jurisdiction of Jiangjiang are worth 100 billion real estate
100 billion real estate
Jiangjiang's name is worth 100 billion
One each for airlines and military factories
Jiangjiang's name is worth trillions
City agricultural industry and commerce 4 banks
Jiangjiang's name is worth 51% of the trillion yuan, absolutely controlling stake